[NARRATOR] Last time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai...
When Gohan transformed
into a giant Saiyan Ape,
and dealt a major
blow to Vegeta,
victory seemed within reach.
Beaten and badly injured,
Vegeta struggled to
reach his spaceship
in an attempt to escape...
But Krillin had other plans.
[KRILLIN] You monster...
You killed my friends.
Now it's your turn!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] "Dawn
of a Fierce Battle!
The Star of Hope is
Piccolo's Homeland!"
[KING KAI] Whew! What a relief!
They had me worried
for a minute there.
I know that I'm not really
supposed to take sides...
but that Saiyan was a
menace to the entire universe.
[KING KAI] Someone
as evil as that is bound
to get a taste of his own
medicine sooner or later.
It was just a matter of time.
But still... no one
will be safe until
the root of this evil is
cut off at the source.
[KING KAI] This is not over yet.
[KRILLIN] Die!
[GOKU] Krillin, don't do it!
[KRILLIN] G... Goku?
Woah... Why am I hearing voices,
and why don't they want
me to kill the Saiyan?
Goku... That was you, right?
Yeah... it was me...
Sorry, but I still
can't talk very loud...
Please...
Krillin... It's over...
so... stop... Please
just let the Saiyan go.
You gotta be kidding me!
Four of our friends are
dead because of him
and you want to let him
get into his spaceship
and fly away like
nothing ever happened?!
If we don't finish him now,
he's gonna lay low until
he has his strength back
and then come here,
wipe out the rest of humanity!
[GOKU] You're right...
He probably will.
[KRILLIN] He will!
Piccolo may've had
a change of heart,
but this guy's pure evil!
People like him don't change.
If we let him live, he'll just
keep on hurting people!
And I don't want him
to have that opportunity.
[GOKU] I know...
I know how strong he is,
and how much damage he can do.
As long as he's alive,
nobody on earth is safe.
But you've got to listen to me.
This might sound crazy...
in fact, I'm sure it does...
but just now, when it looked
like you were about to kill him,
I couldn't help but think...
It'd be such a waste.
Wha... what are
you talking about?
[GOKU] After I finished training
with King Kai in Other World
I thought I'd gotten as strong
as I could possibly get.
Then I saw Vegeta fight...
and he's so much faster,
so much more powerful than me.
The things he was capable of,
it... it was overwhelming!
But I've got to admit,
deep down I was pretty excited.
Maybe it's because
I'm a Saiyan too,
but when I see somebody
who's that strong...
my heart starts racing,
because I realize I still
have farther to go.
It makes me want to train
myself even harder...
to push myself to their level.
[GOKU] Krillin...
I know it's wrong,
but please,
let him go... for me.
I need to be able to
fight him again someday!
Okay, then... I don't like it,
but if you say we should let
him live, that's enough for me.
[KRILLIN] After all,
if it wasn't for you,
we'd be all dead right now...
But you gotta
promise me something...
The next time
you fight this guy,
I want you to make him regret
that he was ever born!
Yeah... You got it.
Well... It's about time
for me to make my exit...
But this isn't over,
not by a long shot...
and there won't be a miracle
to save you next time...
That... I can
personally guarantee!
You okay, Gohan?
It's all over now.
[YAJIROBE] Uh... Alright,
guess my work here is done!
What's Baldy's deal?
He just let him go!
No way he woulda gotten
away from me like that!
I wouldn't have been so nice!
Thanks, Krillin.
I know that wasn't easy.
[chuckjles]
It really wasn't...
And it didn't feel
right letting him go
after everything he did...
[KRILLIN] But I've got an
idea... and if it works,
we might be able to undo
the damage that he's do...
Oh... he's coming back?
[MASTER ROSHI] Hey!
Hey! [laughing]
[CHI-CHI] Gohan!
Woah... Is that Chi-Chi?
[CHI-CHI] Gohan! Where is he?
My baby!
Gohan!
[CHI-CHI] Gohan! Are you okay?
It's alright, baby,
Mommy's here!
Come on, Gohan! Wake up, baby!
You're going to be okay...
Mommy's here...
Mommy's here!
Don't worry. Gohan
will be just fine.
[KRILLIN] Goku's the
one who's really hurt.
He'll live, but he's
in pretty bad shape...
Hey... Hey, d'you
hear me? He's over--
You poor thing...
I promise, from now on I'm
never gonna leave your side,
do you hear me?
Your Mommy won't let
anything happen to you!
Oh, Gohan! I've
missed you so much!
What have they
done to my poor baby?!
[KRILLIN] Goku had a pretty
rough time of it too, you know.
That's just wrong!
[BULMA] Oh, no... No!
Goku?
We're here!
[BULMA] Talk to me,
Goku. Are you okay?
[MASTER ROSHI] Looks like they
really did a number on you.
It's... not so bad... but I'm
sorry... He got away... guys.
Well done! Not just anyone can
run off a Saiyan warrior.
[GOKU] Korin? Is that you? Hey!
[KRILLIN] You're right...
You wouldn't believe
how strong that guy was.
The four of us were
lucky to survive.
I just wish I could say the
same for everybody else...
Bulma, I hate to be the one
to tell you this, but...
Krillin... it was on TV!
Then you know, huh!
Then I guess you also
know about Piccolo and Kami!
Since they're gone...
that means...
the Dragon Balls are gone, too.
[BULMA] I know all that,
okay? Just shut up!
I guess you already explained?
Yes... Sadly.
It's just a shame
that Piccolo wasn't
one of the ones to make it.
Excuse me... for livin'!
Who asked you?!
[BULMA] The only reason you're
still standing is because
you were hiding like a big fat
coward the whole time.
Hey... You take that back!
[BULMA] If you'd been
there, maybe Piccolo
wouldn't've gotten
killed and then
everyone else could come back!
You ever think of that, jerk?!
Hey! if it hadn't've been for my
help...
everybody here would be dead,
including Piccolo!
It's not like I asked
for this headache!
Leave me alone!
Alright... alright!
Bickering is not
gonna solve anything.
We need to get our friends
some medical attention...
'Cause I'm all
out of senzu beans.
[MASTER ROSHI] Easy, now...
Careful... Watch your step!
[CHI-CHI] Sleep Gohan...
This is where the
battle started, right?
Where Yamcha
and Tien went down?
We're close. I think it was
a little farther that way.
[KRILLIN] Please
don't cry, Bulma...
I know it looks
pretty bad right now...
it is bad... but
that doesn't mean
we should just quit
trying, you know?
Not yet... Not when
there's a chance
we might be able
to fix everything.
It's definitely a long shot...
but... it might work...
And unless I'm
missing something,
I think it's possible
that everyone the Saiyans
killed can be
brought back to life.
But... how's that possible?
Good question!
Well... I don't
wanna get everyone's
hopes up if it's nothing.
Wait, that's right...
He started to say something
about this before
I fought Vegeta.
[GOKU] It's okay, Krillin...
What are you thinking? Tell us.
Well... the truth is....
I'll explain it all later...
It looks like we're here.
[KRILLIN] Go ahead and set
her down here, Master Roshi.
[KRILLIN] We'll start
getting the bodies on board.
Alright... One more to go...
But I haven't seen Chiaotzu
anywhere... Have you?
[KRILLIN] There's no body...
he blew himself up
trying to kill a Saiyan.
Oh. . . right...
[KORIN] Goodness, it's terrible.
Such a senseless loss...
If there was only some
way to turn back the clock
and prevent this
tragedy from happening.
The way things stand...
far too many decent people
have made too
great a sacrifice.
This is wrong... and here we are
powerless to change anything!
It's so infuriating!
Well...
[BULMA] Let's get going...
I'll take the wheel, okay?
There... I'm
calmer already.
Good... That's good.
Gohan! You're finally awake!
There there, now! You can relax!
Your mommy's right here!
Mom, is that really you?
My precious baby boy!
You must be traumatized!
After everything
you had to go through!
We're all proud of you, Gohan.
You really came
through out there.
We couldn't have
done it without you!
[GOHAN] But what happened?
Where's the Saiyan?
Well... I guess I kinda sorta...
might've let him get away.
But... who cares?
After that beating we gave him,
I wouldn't be surprised if we
never saw Vegeta again!
Especially now that he knows
what we're capable of!
Hey, where's Dad?
I'm right here, Gohan.
Right behind you.
I made it, and it's
all because of the
great job you
did back there.
[BOTH chuckling]
[YAJIROBE] You sure are
somethin', you know that, lady?
Hey... Aren't you were
supposed to be Goku's wife?
You haven't even looked at
the guy since you got here...
Put down your "baby" and go
check on your husband, already!
Why... you little brat!. No way!
It's because of him that
my son got into this mess
in the first place!
There's no reason Gohan
had to get involved!
But... They needed me, Mom!
I had to help save the Earth!
I don't want to hear
another word on the subject!
It's a mother's duty to protect
her children... not the Earth!
[YAJIROBE] Hey, Goku... She
give you this kinda lip at home?
You never finished....
What did you say about...
bringing everyone back?
Well... it's just a thought.
Okay... Here it goes...
See... The Saiyans already
knew about the Dragon Balls
when they got here, they
heard us talking over that
[KRILLIN] communicator
Goku's brother was wearing.
They weren't here for revenge...
At least not entirely.
They seemed a heck of alot
more interested in finding
the Dragon Balls, so
they could make a wish.
You think so?
Yeah.
But it's what they
said about Piccolo
that caught my attention...
Do you remember
what they said he was?
They... called him a "Namekian."
[ALL gasp]
Which means... Piccolo
and Kami... well...
It sounds like the two of
them might have been aliens.
You just figured that out?
Dude, they're both green.
But it's what Vegeta said after
that, that's got me thinking.
Play time is over.
Eliminate them! Now!
What about the Dragon
Balls? I thought--
[VEGETA] The Namekian is
of no use to us anymore.
Let's just say I have
a hunch that if we put
our green friend's home
world next on the list
of planets to conquer...
we'll get answers.
So? They know where
Piccolo's from... Big deal.
[GOHAN] I heard that, too!
I just didn't know
what they meant...
but they acted like
they'd be able to
find more Dragon Balls on Namek!
That's right. So If we can
get to this planet Namek...
and I know that's
a really big "if,"
but if we can find it somehow...
then we might be able to bring
those Dragon Balls back here!
Oh, I get it...
All we'd have to do
then is wish for everyone
who was killed by the Saiyans
to be restored to life.
And I'd get to
see Piccolo again!
Gohan! What are-- What
are you talking about?!
They'd all be alive!
And if Piccolo comes back,
then Kami will, too!
And if Kami comes back,
so will the Dragon Balls,
or if not, he can make more!
Yes! That's an
amazing idea!
It... might even
actually work!
We at least have to try!
[KRILLIN] Hello, friends.
Goodbye, Saiyans!
[BULMA] Guys... That's a whole
lot easier said than done.
We could never pull that off...
It's like finding a needle in a
haystack... It's hopeless.
[KRILLIN] Not for you... I
bet you could find it, right?
Do you know how
many planets there are?
Maybe if we had some clue
where to look for this No-Neck,
or whatever it's
called, but we don't!
[GOKU] Don't worry...
Leave that to me.
You hear that, King Kai?
I bet you know just about every
planet in the universe, right?
[GOKU] Do you know
where Planet Namek is?
[KING KAI] What kind
of question is that?
Of course I know
where Planet Namek is!
I'd be a pretty sorry king
if I didn't know my own realm.
I can give you its
exact coordinates.
That's... incredible!
He's the King Kai
you told us about?
But... we all hear him!
It's like he's in
the room with us!
Alright, King Kai...
You're coming
through loud and clear.
Go ahead, we're all listening!
Hm... Namek... Namek...
Let me try to give
you coordinates
in Earth terminology.
Here we are... Now... um...
It says here you'll keep a
bearing of SW-sixty-six.
Hold on... No,
that's not right...
[KING KAI] This thing might
as well be written in Japanese.
Maybe this is it:
SU-eighty-three by 9045-YX...
Yeah, yeah. Try that one.
Wait... I wanna make
sure I heard right.
You said Nine-Zero-Four-Five-YX?
You... understood that? I'm
glad somebody did. I'm lost.
[BULMA] Hey, Master Roshi...
Can you take the wheel
for a couple a minutes?
I need to do some math.
Okay... Sure.
[KING KAI] As I recall, Planet
Namek was once an extremely
beautiful world, populated
by many, many Namekians.
But a long time ago
there was a major change
in the planet's climate...
horrible... and as a
result, all but a few
Namekians were wiped out.
Cool. That's it.
The Balls are gone.
Big whoop. Let's
get outta here.
Eeh... you jerk!
Don't jump to conclusions.
We don't know what it's like on
Planet Namek these days...
But... I'll check my antennae...
Hm...
[humming]
[gasp] I think I found it!
Yes... I see...
So... Kami, or... the Namekian
who would become Kami,
escaped from his home planet and
came all the way here to Earth.
And... if that's
the case, that means
two things must have happened.
Either Kami lost his memory...
or he was too
young to remember...
Either way, it's safe to assume
he's had quite a difficult past.
So have I.
But I don't get it.
It doesn't
make any sense...
These Dragon Balls
can grant any wish?
If they made 'em... then
they could have like...
I don't know... wished
the climate normal again
and all those
Namekians wouldn'ta died!
[MASTER ROSHI] I doubt
that would have worked.
Think about what
Shenron said to us.
We asked him to get
rid of the Saiyans,
but he couldn't grant a
wish beyond the power
of the one who
created the Dragon Balls.
They were too much for Kami...
so they were too
much for Shenron, too!
See? It's because the
Dragon Balls have limits
that we're in this
mess to begin with.
Well what good are they, then?
I mean, come on!
You might as well not
even bother with them!
[laughing]
I've been dying
to do that!
[KING KAI] I
found the Namekians!
It looks like there
are almost a hundred...
Not nearly as many as
there were before...
but they're
flourishing! Wonderful!
Wait... There's a
hundred more guys like
Piccolo and Kami out there?
[KING KAI] Yes, that's right...
But I wouldn't worry about
it too much if I were you.
The Namekians are known
for their gentle nature...
They're nice... Like Kami was on
your planet...
[KING KAI] Piccolo
had a mean streak,
but that was more the
exception than the rule.
Remember, Piccolo and
Kami used to be one.
Kami was exposed to
evil in humans that he
never would have known on Namek.
And when he decided to
purge the darkness that
crept into his nature,
Piccolo was born--
the embodiment of all
the evil he had encountered.
[YAJIROBE] Yeah,
that makes sense.
No wonder he
was so mean...
There are enough jerks out
there to turn anybody bad.
How true.
Alright! Then there isn't
anything stopping us from
going to Planet Namek and
using their Dragon Balls
to bring everyone
back to life!
[BULMA] Are you serious?
That is so naïve!
Even if we do know exactly
where this Namek place is,
how do you plan
on getting there?
Have you considered that?
[KRILLIN] How? Well, I dunno...
I guess I figured we'd
go in a spaceship.
Oh, sure! And I
figured you might've
[BULMA] used
your brain for once!
I just ran a few calculations
to see how long it would take
a spaceship with the
world's best engine-
built by my dad-
to get us to the coordinates
that King Kai gave us.
Well? Guess... Never mind.
I doubt you'd
come remotely close...
Four thousand three hundred
and thirty nine years...
and over three months...
If we survived that long.
Oh, no.
[KRILLIN] Well... That
had me worried, too,
but I'm pretty sure I
have it figured out...
Something was bugging me about
the spaceship Vegeta escaped in,
and then it hit me.
[KRILLIN] It was so
small! Barely big enough
for one person.
There's no way both Saiyans
came here in the same pod!
Which would mean the ship that
the other Saiyan came here in
should still be sitting right
where he landed it!
Hey! You're right!
I bet we could find the one
that Raditz came here in, too!
Actually, we can't... Not
after what Gohan did to it.
[GOKU] That's my boy.
Still... one alien
spaceship might be enough!
I can't say for
sure until I see it,
but I bet I can
figure something out!
It's probably going to be
somewhere around Metro East.
After the Saiyans landed, it
was the first area destroyed...
We'll have to look
for it another time.
[chuckles]
Or... we could just use this
and it'll lead us right to it.
See? It belongs to Vegeta...
It's what he used
to summon his ship.
I saw it lying on
the battlefield
and I thought it
might come in handy.
So what do you think,
was I right?
Ha! You're right!
This could actually work!
[ALL laughing]
Yes! There's still maybe hope
for our friends after all!
[laughing]
To Namek! And the Dragon Balls!
[NARRATOR] Suddenly,
Planet Namek doesn't seem
so far out of reach. But
the crew has much to do
before they can
start their journey.
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOHAN] Hey, it's me, Gohan!
Bulma, what did you do?!
The spaceship just blew up
into a million pieces!
[CHI-CHI] That's not
for you to worry about!
You should be
focusing on your lessons!
Do you have any idea how behind
you are in your homework?
[GOHAN] I don't care,
Mom! Homework can wait.
There are more important
things to do right now!
Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
"The Ship Resting in Yunzabit!
Time to Blast Off
for Planet Namek!"
[GOKU] The original Shenron on
his home planet? I wanna go!